## Usage
Run the simulation for one holo robot by using the following command line:

`roslaunch holo_gazebo  holo_world.launch `

To launch two holo robots, use the following launch file:

`roslaunch holo_gazebo  holo_multi.launch `

## Dependencies
* Gazebo7 or Gazebo9
* robot_state_publisher
* urdf
* tf

## Packages
* holo_description
* holo_gazebo

## holo_description
  Robot model description packages. Includes the URDF and the meshes of the robot.
  
### Launch files
* **holo_description.launch:** holo robot description generated by solid works.

* **holo_rviz.launch:** Loads the holo robot description parameter and a RViz session.

## holo_gazebo
  Includes Gazebo plugin for simulating a velocity controller and launch files for running the simulation.
  
### Launch files
* **holo_world.launch:** Launches Gazebo and spawn one nexus robot.

     - **`use_sim_time`** Tells ROS nodes asking for time to get the Gazebo-published simulation time, published over the ROS topic /clock. Default: `true`.
     
     - **`gui`** Launch the user interface window of Gazebo. Default: `true`.
     
     - **`headless`** Enable gazebo state log recording. Default: `false`.

* **holo_multi.launch:** Launches Gazebo and spawn two holonomic robots with their namespace. This launch file aims to provide an example for multi-robot simulation.

     - **`use_sim_time`** Tells ROS nodes asking for time to get the Gazebo-published simulation time, published over the ROS topic /clock. Default: `true`.
     
     - **`gui`** Launch the user interface window of Gazebo. Default: `true`.
     
     - **`headless`** Enable gazebo state log recording. Default: `false`.


* **spawn_one_holo.launch:** To be included in a launch file to spawn a holonomic robot.

     - **`robot_name`** Robot name used as namespace for the spawned robot. Default: `holo0`.
     
     - **`pose_x`** x coordinate (in m) of the robot spawn pose. Default: `0`.
     
     - **`pose_y`** y coordinate (in m) of the robot spawn pose. Default: `0`.


### Gazebo plugin
* gazebo_ros_planar_move:

  Outputs a force and a torque on the base link of a robot, using teleop in command as input. 
	* **Subscribed topic**
		* `/cmd_vel` (`geometry_msgs/Twist`)

		  Receives velocity command as a Twist message. The plugin will only process the linear velocity on the x and y-axis and the angular velocity on the z-axis

	* **Published Topics**
		 * `/odom` (`nav_msgs/Odometry`)
		
	  	  	Odometry from Gazebo model pose and velocity.

## To do
* Add wheel velocity controller (only for visual feedback)
